If you want to be successful in your education, if you want to be a good
student, this is what I found personally for myself. It's, you have
to know your weaknesses, you have to know what you're lacking in.
If you're in a math class, you know multivariable calculus and you
get a D on a test, then you gotta say, "Okay, well, where did I mess
up? I didn't study enough I should've opened the book earlier."  If
you get another D, then that's the time that you need to start asking
for help, you need to start going to the professor, going to your
teaching assistants or research assistants and, trying to get, suck
up as much information as you can to not make the same mistake. So
once you find your own flaw, you need to 'pound it out' and get back
on the right track.